	Getting started with VASSAL.

  See the User's Guide for more details.

  MOVING PIECES: After starting a game, pieces may be dragging onto
the map window from the game piece window.  Once on the map, they can
be moved by clicking and dragging.  Pieces stack if you move them onto
one another.  Normally, you'll only see the top piece in a stack
(others will appear as a plain square), but you can double-click to
expand the stack.  When a stack is expanded, you can drag pieces into
or out of it.  Use the arrow keys to change the position of a piece
within a stack.

  MODIFYING PIECES: Right-click (Mac: command-click) on a counter for
a drop-down menu of commands.  Each command has a keyboard shortcut.
To use the keyboard shortcut, click on a game piece (it will become
highlighted), then type in the keyboard shortcut for the command.

  SCROLLING THE MAP: The map scrolls when you drag the mouse near the
edges.  Also, you can use the number pad keys (you
may need to hit the Num Lock key first).


   PLAYING ON THE INTERNET: 
--Connecting--
    Hit the "Server" button in the main control window to show the
Server window.  Hit the "Connect" button to connect.  You'll see a
welcome message in the controls window when connection is complete.  A
list of active game rooms appears on the left.  The "Main Room" one is a
meeting room for talking with other players.

--Chatting-- 
    The main control window has a text entry field at the bottom of
the window.  Type into this window and hit return to chat.  If one of
the map windows has the focus, your typing will be forwarded to the
main control window.  Your chat messages will be sent to all other
players in the same room.  You may also open a private channel to
another player via the popup menu by right-clicking on his name.

--Beginning a game--
    To begin a game, type the name of a new room into the field above
the list of active game rooms.  The new room will be created and you
will join it.  To join an existing game room, double click on the room
name in the list.  You'll see a list of players currently connected to
the room you're in.  The first person to join the room should begin a
game as described above.  After joining the room, other players should
right-click on the name of a player already in the room and select
"Synchronize."  A game map will appear automatically with the same
information as on the other player's screen.  From that point on, each
players moves will be duplicated on each other player's screen.

--Messages-- 
    The server maintains a message board for players to find
opponents, arrange game, etc.  Use the Server window toolbar buttons
to post and read message.

--Email play--
    You can use VASSAL to play games by email as well.  Start a new
game, place your pieces, then select File->Begin Logfile.  All moves
and chat text will be recorded in the logfile.  When finished, select
File->End Logfile and email the resulting file to your opponent.  Your
opponent then selects File->Load Game and chooses the logfile you sent
him by email.  He may then step through your move one at a time by
hitting the Step button, interrupting whenever appropriate to create
his own logfile to send back to you.  When reading and writing a
logfile simultaneously, the moves read in from your opponent's logfile
are echoed and recorded into the one you are writing.
